

Technical Notes
---------------
   This directory contains technical notes on the networking
   environment and protocols used for and with the subsystem library.
   The structure of the documents is based on the layout of the
   Internet Request For Comments (RFC) standards documents
   (www.faqs.org), of which especially the following have to be
   mentioned:

   Postel, J. and J. Reynolds, "Instructions to RFC Authors", RFC
        2223, October 1997.

   Bradner, S., "Key words for use in RFCs to Indicate Requirement
	Levels", BCP 14, RFC 2119, March 1997.

   Bradner, S., "The Internet Standards Process -- Revision 3",
	BCP 9, RFC 2026, October 1996.

   Postel, J., "Internet Official Protocol Standards", STD 1, RFC
        1540, Internet Architecture Board, October 1993.


Contents
--------
   Following index lists all available notes in numerical order, in a
   format suitable for use in a 'References' section.

   [x] Terhorst, D., "The Subserver Protocol". NOTE 001, DAQ-Group,
       RWTH-Aachen Germany, III. phys. Institut b, November 2008.

   [x] Terhorst, D., "Running a Subserver Inside a Chroot Environment".
       NOTE 002, DAQ-Group, RWTH-Aachen Germany, III. phys. Institut b,
       January 2009.

   [x] Terhorst, D., "NTP Status Protocol". NOTE 003, DAQ-Group,
       RWTH-Aachen Germany, III. phys. Institut b, March 2009.


Open Issues
-----------
   This is a non-comprehensive list of open issues and possible
   extensions. Most points are ideas of new concepts which have been
   thought about in the core development team. All topics definitely
   need more discussion.

   -Unique supply/subscribe packets
      Many problems concerning double receipt of packets, erroneous
      packets and control value security can be solved by the
      introduction of a uniqueness abo flag in the server. 
   -Server-Server Bridging
      Establish inter-server connections to facilitate load balancing
      features and partial system shutdown options. Open problems are
      packet routing and distribution algorithms and forwarding of
      PKT_SUBSCRIBE type packets.
   -Server PKT_SERVERTERM reaction
      This packet type is intended to shut down the server, but an
      immediate complete system shutdown upon receipt of a single
      packet from unknown origin is quite unsatisfactory. This
      definitly is an open issue, if not disabled in the server.

   The Subserver Protocol has several unspecified locations leaving
   room for extensions. Except for the introduction of a new packet
   type, there are some unused or unspecified protocol extension
   interfaces, which may be assigned new usages.

   -PKT_SUBSCRIBE packet data fields
   -packet extension by namelen field greater than strlen(name) + 1


Printing Notes
--------------
	a2ps -2 -M a4 -l74 --borders no
		 -b"III. phys. Institut, RWTH Aachen"
		 --footer="" -o Note.ps
		 NOTEnnn--High_Voltage_Protocol.txt
